4,000 embryos potential lives destroyed
by a single Israeli strike taking with
it the hopes of hundreds of
Palestinians NAA Abu Hamada is one of
them but this isn't the first time
Israel's war has caused her great
suffering I had my son KH after 12 years
of IVF trials and he was my hope in this
life he was my whole life especially
since I lost my mother when I was
pregnant with Khal Israel took him away
from me along with my
hope like NAA many at Al basma IVF
Center had received years of physically
and psychologically draining treatment a
process where time is a
privilege Dr Baha Elin galini who
founded the clinic and is now on his way
to Egypt to help others struggling with
infertility told us for many it was
their last
chance about half of them will never
have children again it was the worst uh
time for me to tell them sorry your
emperies are
lost as if you say to
someone uh sorry tomorrow you will
die I would say I think maybe this can
resemble it an additional 1,000
specimens of sperm and unfertilized eggs
were destroyed in that same Israeli
strike an example of the Unseen toll of
Israel military assault NAA left Gaza
and is now seeking treatment in Qatar
but says it's clear Israel doesn't want
Palestinians to
exist 5,000 dreams 5,000 hopes of
motherhood of course this is part of the
occupation scheme they do not want to
see any newborns in Gaza they want to
kill all the children the pain of loss
is everywhere you look in Gaza NAA and
Dr gal
have momentarily fled a war zone but
both share the hopes of one day
returning and rebuilding Qatar has been
at the Forefront of countries providing
medical assistance to Palestinians from
Gaza but Israel's destruction of a
fertility clinic and its embryos strikes
at the very core of Palestine a war that
is wiping out generations and preventing
future ones Julie dger Al jazer
Doha make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer